More details on server.py + mustache rendering (#12122)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/question/server.md

## Step 1: `generate`

> First, the `generate` function is called to generate random parameters for the variant, and the correct answers. It should set `data["params"]` with the parameters for the question, and `data["correct_answers"]` with the correct answers.

Reviewer: Wording nits, iterate as needed:

```suggestion
First, the `generate` function is called to generate the question variant. It should update `data["params"]` with any necessary parameters for the question, and `data["correct_answers"]` with the correct answers.
```

    data["correct_answers"]["y"] = 2 * data["params"]["x"]
```

> Parameters set within `generate` can be used in the `question.html` file by using `{{params.NAME}}`. For example, you can use `data["params"]["x"]` with `{{params.x}}`. You can set parameters in other phases as well, but they may not be defined when the student initially views the question (only after a save or a submission). You can view the [question lifecycle diagram](#question-lifecycle) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values can be used in the `question.html` file with Mustache syntax, e.g. `{{params.NAME}}`. For example, you can use `data["params"]["x"]` with `{{params.x}}`. You can set parameters in some other phases as well, but they may not be defined when the student initially views the question (only after a save or a submission). See the [question lifecycle diagram](#question-lifecycle) for more details.
```

Nit: saves are a subset of submissions. Maybe just "only after a submission"? Or just drop the parenthetical entirely in favor of the link to the question lifecycle.

TBH I don't think we lose much if we drop the note about other phases entirely, I think it feels kind of out of place here. But I'm ok if you want to leave it in.

Reviewer: Two reasons:

- It's not only parameters; you could in theory use correct answers too.
- It seemed to be unnecessary to mention generate here. It's already under a big old "Step 1: generate" title, the sentence before the code block mentions "generate" multiple times, the code block itself shows `generate()`. I don't see a need to further reiterate that we're talking about "generate".

Author: I completely reworked the language in 302209f5349a4921a887b01de00d449ddd430ae9.

The snippet below uses a [Mustache comment](./template.md#hiding-staff-comments-in-questionhtml), and the [`<pl-question-panel>`](./elements.md#pl-question-panel-element) element so that it is only shown within the context of the [question panel](./template.md#question-panel).

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html title="question.html"
<pl-question-panel>

>   {{! The text of this question is only shown on the question panel. }}

Reviewer: Is a Mustache comment really necessary to demonstrate here? This file is specifically documenting `server.py`. IMO this just clutters the example with unnecessary information.
